tell if it's mixed reviews aren't
allowed sir I'm Jeremy Navarro the
creator and executive producer of bite
and as you see here we're working on
some stuff damn it Mitchell start I
start again
hey there I'm Jeremy Navarro the creator
and executive producer a bite and as you
can see here I'm just doing some editing
so if you guys have never you know
edited before anything all these little
bits here all the pieces of you know the
footage so we got that there and that
there and we're going to go and lay all
the audio down color corrected throw
some music on there and it's going to be
done so a lot of work goes into these
episodes for you and that's how much we
love you and Caleb nation yay Caleb
nation
we know Jeremy lunch and getting me
really we gave it a shot by this feeling
just are real and
screams under a pillow which is Ellen's
favorite part that's that's this right
here
cooking
I have to seem pretty right there and
check out that
screenshot
here and bite we like to eat red vines
to our energy
is that we you know keeps our next dirty
up in our tummies full I'm still working
on I'm not going to step into my way Oh